---
title: Eastwood vs Depp
service: Picksum Ipsum
order: 1
---

Giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk?
Well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. we're not sheep! this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. man's gotta know his limitations. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. man's gotta know his limitations. do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking!
Here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. we're not sheep! we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. this is my gun, clyde! you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" are you feeling lucky punk well, do you have anything to say for yourself?
Forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. this is my gun, clyde! ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. are you feeling lucky punk
