---
title: Walker vs Freeman
service: Picksum Ipsum
order: 2
---

http://www.picksumipsum.co.uk/

I got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. you got the wrong guy, ace! it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. you got the wrong guy, ace! circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave.
You know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. well, what is it today? more spelunking? you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you.
I thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. bruce... i'm god. you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. well, what is it today? more spelunking? did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered.
I don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." bruce... i'm god. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead.
